Uh, Miss Zhou, are you mistaken?
I'm not mistaken
You are the god of war
Miss Zhou doesn't care if he is the god of war or not
The person he wants to marry is me
Miss Sheng
What does your Shen family compare to our Zhou family?
Family affairs and appearance
What are you not better than me?
The person Jingchen likes is me
Brother Jingchen
I'll go back and tell grandpa
I will marry you in three days
I'm not a god of war at all
What are you arguing about?
I don't care, I'm going to marry you.
Miss Zhou, can't you see that Jingchen doesn't like you?
Why are you pestering him?
Miss Shen, you don't care
Brother Jincheng, I will go back and tell my grandfather
I'll marry you after your birthday
Miss Zhou's kiss
How does it taste?
Skinson? Yeah.
What do you think of us?
What do I think?
My heart for you
You don't understand
Then who do you choose between me and him?